hello everyone with you dota then i it
Ferris wheel
Soon the summer will be the sun to fry
coil study will end and it will be possible
all day fooling vanyu on the street well
while attention to the screen on your screen
I have a summer aggravation and today I
I will review the romance Well, what time
by have imagination there is in japanese
schools one feature they learn in the summer
mentality such though they have there
constantly warm and figs will figure out when
this summer has begun but summer has come
and Japan a couple of mini-skirts and Panza Shatov
yes only you all this side by side
because you are a girl and secondly because
what do you put on people
And this is connected with a serious psychological
childhood trauma once your class died
rabbit and stupid children blamed you
ever since you have locked yourself and not
who do not communicate
but one day one of your classmate
pervert manages to climb under you
skirt well and you sculpt foot with us
anywhere and got not at all in him but in
his friend 1 handsome in school
we are you apologizing to him and this
handsome bald cram you his
phone number here could be and
hammer on everything and no one else
communicate however everything spoils the rays there
in Japan such people are stalkers no they are not
mutants wet and artifacts are collected on
Fukushima
They perished perverts pursue
people are caught in a dark gateway but also with
all arising on such a stalker you
ran after work hiding from him
in the store and started calling mom only
Here she does not take the phone but more numbers
your phone is not present
only this prince remained in general
I heard about the trouble and rode here I
honestly expected morello fight however our
the hero thought of a friend and he brought you to
the street appeared in front of the calculations and suddenly
bang kissed
Yes, I would for such a school any girl
killed on the spot
the truth is because i'm as scary
butt hamadryad but anyway
ever since you only about that
kiss and think solemn dream
almost erotic though the prince
turned out to be a womanizer and all the girls school
already in front of the house but at least he is a womanizer
he is handsome and cheerful in general
romance of pure water is now heap
anime called say i love you
She graduated from December last year
studies do not read the title text to me
more famous for anime master Mushi
The author of the original Hazuki to my verdict
such is
the graphics are really nothing even though i'm not
I love when the Japanese show a
tall and thin
music light pleasant plot quite
interesting 4 sketch 4 for music and 4
for stories by the way the director of this anime
also steiner brother was director that
Sometimes it is noticeable in the picture to everyone
summer mood thanks for watching
subscribe to the channel comment
release like bye